# Personal Skills

# Communication and Networking Skills

+ Ability to articulate problems encountered (written). 
Make the problem easy to understand. How to kindly ask for help (both professional and unprofessional) politely? How to make people happy to help you without feeling resentful? 
I will improve the skill by learning the Business English course and watching others' emails to cumulate professional sentences. I will also write messages and emails carefully to ensure it is not offensive and polite, think about how to make the language nicely.

  

##  Networking Skills (Mostly Speaking):

+ The ability to convey freely and make myself easy to understand. I will improve the skill by expressing myself bravely and slowly based on my English level despite the pronunciation and being afraid of making English grammar mistakes. 
+ The ability to understand people's conversations and obtain important information from the meeting and conversion. I will improve the skill by making notes and asking the staff if I am unclear. 
-   The ability to quickly understand English memes, slang, acronyms, abbreviations, words, and jokes. I will improve the skill by reading more English online posts on Reddit and following popular English news. 
-   The ability to have friendly conversations, make pleasantries and salutations. Meanwhile, I plan to watch the TV show "The Office" by shadowing. Read more English conversation studying posts and videos. 
+ The ability to keep track of events (especially big ones) and business plans, know the company's recent and future moves. I will improve the skill by recording the big event on my calendar and clearly understanding the circumstances. 
## Time management skill. 
+ The ability to balance between work and leisure. How to rest to make myself energetic and handle the interrupts. I will improve the skill by doing the task fast, well, and effectively during work hours. After work, I will learn to arrange time properly from exercising, cooking, relaxing, studying and working. 

  

# Performance & Professional Skill

Proficient in using the following professional skills: React, database (RDS), AWS, web (process and other services), Javascript, Git & Github. I will improve those skills by watching online courses and gaining experience during the work. I will also learn them by constructing the whole procession, ideas, and framework in my mind. Moreover, I will learn it through the experienced developer's code and help, study their logic and ideas. 

  

The ability to debug. When some bugs, errors, or things are not as expected, improve the speed to fix them. Quickly target the problem and think of a solution boldly. If I cannot fix the problem, I will ask someone for help. After specifying a problematic situation, I will review the process if the same thing happens. 

  

The ability to understand the company's new technology stack. New technology and terminology are introduced and coming very often. I need to understand, use, handle them quickly. To do that, I will search about the technology, probably go through some quick tutorials, ask someone how and which part we want to use it. Try my best effect to integrate the new technique into the company.